and good morning everyone
find for a new video so
today I presented you a basic
hd for hdv 7.2 farm so a base of
farm to complete this already what he
must know the dixie tank in black
centered so that's really very very
important then know morty
cover a wide I looked at myself the
placement of mortars makes that one covers
the whole base so that's really
very interesting with our three mortars
so this is an investment that is
relatively interesting and look into
done from the top ie between them
somehow an open base
so basically with my two rounds of
wizard when troops to what there is
will have a lot of groups that have arrived
from the top when you are arriving
the exit towers will be able to
recover everything that happens and destroy
a lot easier and then I
so placed cannons that are at
the outside is actually the advantage of
these cannons know that it will allow to
divert the giants so this is the
giants who come in a year or that we
place by the high side in paris if they
will take the trap traps
springs that are on the sides and one
know they'll do it all the way
dabaaz looked at and bypassed they
do not even get his share by this little
path is still resumes
trap
so that's with troops of the type
giant they will bypass the base without
tackle the inside and
the interior is where we find
all resources
so that's why this base is
relatively interesting so what we
can also say on this basis is that
castle of clans and castle of time and
center and so that is to say that for
to get out the troops that has in it
is very complicated we will talk about it
will be going out so
conventional so here are prepared
a few more troops to do them
to get out of others in general when you are
attack fit and instead preferred
attack the city hall rather than
tackle your base
so me it's the one I created and
I lost very few resources with
so it's a base in all a few
month I recommend you if you want
close in hd v7 our friends all from
following with a small replay of attac that
I had against this base so there
I still did not have my king world
wake up but it's true that I'm getting
almost attack and that my hotel's
city so it's true that I have
not many confess presence of more
so again we have seen that they have tried
to go out finds her other cat
plans now they can not anymore
can not do it anymore because
I like is able even and four
workers huts so this place is
So stuck watching it failed to
get the troops out of the castle
clan he caught the spring trap
as you explain so with all
my castle troops of clans who are
behind I weight very destroy
easily never looked at the bomb
thrown damage she did on all her
group two giants so even though he's at
100 hours of care
I have all my troops from the castle of
clans that are on it and so it's going
very easily destroy these giants
so that's really a base that's
relatively effective since redemption
everything concentrated it's true that until
hd if it's impossible to protect his
castle of clans and here we arrive in hd
v7 with a bass which is a castle of
in this center is so I had
a lot of writing black and I
managed to keep it to be able to
recover my king so in any case me
it is a basis that I recommend
so there is no longer a single giant in
the opposing troops I have more than
troops in the clan castle but that
it's not a problem but look at it
he remains more than a few wizard he
attack my castle clans at
final look at the resources to fly
my fly than 10000 gold and 5000 elixir
while there was potential and who
is the money superior to steal so in
any case that's for this replay me in
Anyway I hope that this base you
will please for those who are hdv 7 and who
want to train
she is really very efficient so we
go this game you leave it on it actually
it's going to be long, we're finishing on a
speedboat so as usual if you
are interested in this base you
you can copy it at the same time
that I realize it for you and then we
just end up at the end of the video
for a small final comment
see you soon
So here we finished for this base
from farm to activate this I hope that
this video will have pleased you in any case
this is the case do not hesitate to make me
know by a like and by a comment
and if you want to see a lot more
videos of 14 clan that it is for all
city l levels
do not hesitate to subscribe to
my youtube channel at very fast